# Dog-Breed-Prediction
Problem Statement: We are provided with a training set and a test set of images of dogs. Each image has a filename that is its unique id. The dataset comprises 120 breeds of dogs. The goal is to create a classifier capable of determining a dog's breed from a photo. The list of breeds is as follows Task Description Who's a good dog? Who likes ear scratches? Well, it seems those fancy deep neural networks don't have all the answers. However, maybe they can answer that ubiquitous question we all ask when meeting a four-legged stranger: what kind of good pup is that? In this Task, we were provided a strictly canine subset of ImageNet in order to practice fine-grained image categorization. How well we can tell our Norfolk Terriers from our Norwich Terriers? With 120 breeds of dogs and a limited number training images per class, we might find the problem more, err, ruff than we anticipated. Support: Dog-Breed-Identification-using-CNN-with-Keras has a low active ecosystem. Quality: Dog-Breed-Identification-using-CNN-with-Keras has no bugs reported. Security: Dog-Breed-Identification-using-CNN-with-Keras has no vulnerabilities reported, and its dependent libraries have no vulnerabilities reported. License: Dog-Breed-Identification-using-CNN-with-Keras does not have a standard license declared. Re-use: Dog-Breed-Identification-using-CNN-with-Keras releases are not available. You will need to build from source code and install.
Results: 65/65 [==] - 1s 21ms/step - loss: 92.6662 - accuracy: 0.4368 Evaluation results: [loss, accuracy] [92.66619873046875, 0.43683186173439026] true predictions: 41 , false predictions: 9 The accuracy we have achieved by using this model is 82.05% Overall, we consider our results to be a success given the high number of breeds in this fine-grained classification problem. We are able to effectively predict the correct breed over 50% of the time in one guess, a result that very few humans could match given the high variability both between and within the 166 different breeds contained in the dataset.
